[2.10] Misc other updates to guides (#4032)
astronomer/docs: learn/dynamic-tasks.md

Airflow tasks have two functions available to implement the map portion of dynamic task mapping. For the task you want to map, you must pass all operator parameters through one of the following functions.

> - `expand()`: This function passes the parameters that you want to map. A separate parallel task is created for each input. For some instances of [mapping over multiple parameters](#mapping-over-multiple-parameters) `.expand_kwargs()` is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expand()`: This function passes the parameters that you want to map. A separate parallel task is created for each input. For some instances of [mapping over multiple parameters](#mapping-over-multiple-parameters), `.expand_kwargs()` is used instead.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Map over combined results of upstream tasks

> In Airflow 2.10+ you can combine the output lists of upstream tasks using the `.concat()` method. In previous Airflow versions an intermediate task combining the lists was necessary to achieve this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Airflow 2.10+, you can combine the output lists of upstream tasks using the `.concat()` method. In previous Airflow versions, you needed an intermediate task combining the lists to achieve this. 
```
